Add buy signal name (#5299)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/strategy-advanced.md

See [Dataframe access](#dataframe-access) for more information about dataframe use in strategy callbacks.

## Buy Tag

> When your strategy has multiple buy signal, you can name it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your strategy has multiple buy signals, you can name the signal that triggered.
```

Then you can access you buy signal on `custom_sell`

```python
def populate_buy_trend(self, dataframe: DataFrame, metadata: dict) -> DataFrame:
    dataframe.loc[
        (
            (dataframe['rsi'] < 35) &
            (dataframe['volume'] > 0)
        ),

>         ['buy', 'buy_tag']] = 1, 'buy_signal_rsi'

Reviewer: I'd make it clear this is supposed to be a tuple.
the comma might be easily missed ...

```suggestion
        ['buy', 'buy_tag']] = (1, 'buy_signal_rsi')
```
